 Hi, I'm Byron McKay. I'm an AI engineer and educator, and I've worked in many industries building and shipping real-world AI systems that don't just generate clever outputs, but solve real problems at scale. If you're here, you probably already know. Large language models or LLMs are changing how we work. But what you might not know is how to move from prototypes and prompts to systems you can actually trust. That's what this course, the AI for programmers mini-MBA is for. Engineers today are being asked to build with LLMs in production. But most teams are duct taping prompts together with no real evaluation, no error handling, and no structure. That leads to unreliable systems, brittle outputs, and teams that don't know how to improve what they've shipped. This course gives you the mental models and the building blocks to do better. Over the next few weeks, you'll learn the most important techniques for building with LLMs. To anchor everything you'll learn in this course, we'll use a framework we call the Big Three. Context, subject matter expertise, and evaluation. These are the foundations of every successful AI system. We'll see them show up again and again. As for the lessons, each one is designed to teach you a key principle, show you how it works in practice, and give you the tools to implement it in your own work. Throughout the course, we'll explore everything from prompting and chaining to retrieval augmented generation, observability, evaluations, guardrails, and human in the loop design. These are the capabilities that will allow you to go from clever prototypes to production-ready systems. Each week, you'll complete hands-on assignments designed to reinforce the core concept of that lesson. You'll build apps, write, and refine prompts, evaluate system outputs, and incorporate human review when needed. These exercises are designed to help you apply what you're learning to real-world development work and to sharpen your intuition as an AI builder. And at the end of the course, you'll apply everything you've learned in a final project. You'll either build a working AI-powered application or submit a structured proposal that showcases your design, reasoning, and understanding of the tools we've covered. This is your opportunity to build something real and to demonstrate that you know how to do it responsibly and effectively. That final project is just one part of a bigger support system designed to help you apply everything you've learned. You'll learn in three ways, watching lesson-in-case study videos, attending live lectures with AI engineers and experts who have built their own AI products, engaging in office hours with AI experts at section. You'll also have access to live sessions and feedback from our team. We want this to be a place where you can ask hard questions, share what you're working on, and apply what you learn right away. Whether you're working on a new feature, an internal tool, or a brand new product, this course will give you the foundation to build AI systems that are ready for production. Now you may have noticed the CR logo in the upper right-hand corner of the screen. That means this video was created using AI. I'm not actually the real Byron McKay. I'm Byron's AI avatar. At section, we use AI avatars to build all of our AI training content, because this allows us to update the course material as frequently as we need to. Without AI avatars, Byron would have to fly to a studio for every update, so we'd only be able to update the content once or twice a year. That's unacceptable when teaching AI. With an avatar like me, we can change portions of lessons as often as we need to ensure you're getting the most relevant cutting edge capabilities. In addition, Byron can teach you this course in any language. Byron took Spanish in high school, but he can't really speak Spanish or any other language. Our students are global, so our content should be as well. To create AI avatars, we use an AI tool that allows us to generate high-quality avatars of each instructor trained on their mannerisms and voice. Human Byron wrote, edited, and signed off on every script before our AI avatar tool generated this footage of me reading the script's word for word. If you want to learn more about how sections AI avatars work, check out our optional AI avatar video for a behind-the-scenes look. You'll still see the real Byron at the live kickoff this week, where he'll share additional insights and answer questions. With that, welcome to the course. I can't wait to teach you how to design, build, and evaluate AI systems that are not just functional, but reliable, scalable, and built for the real world.